Add documentation for custom dialogs (#1682)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/features/custom-ui/dialogs.md

<img src={require("../../assets/prompt-dialog.png").default} alt="Prompt dialog example" width="360px" style={{border: "1px solid #DCDCDC"}} />
</p>

> ## Display a custom dialog

Reviewer: Can you update "What's new?" linking to the new content?

Author: Done!

To display a custom dialog, call [`snap_dialog`](../../reference/snaps-api.md#snap_dialog)
without providing a `type`. Custom dialogs can be resolved by calling [`snap_resolveInterface`](../../reference/snaps-api.md#snap_resolveinterface). The UI passed to a custom dialog should contain a `Footer` element. Its buttons will be displayed at the bottom of the dialog. Here is a complete example:

```tsx title="index.tsx"
import {
  UserInputEventType,
  type OnRpcRequestHandler,
  type OnUserInputHandler,
} from '@metamask/snaps-sdk';
import {
  Box,
  Text,
  Heading,
  Container,
  Footer,
  Button,
} from '@metamask/snaps-sdk/jsx';

/**

>  * Handle incoming JSON-RPC requests, sent through `wallet_invokeSnap`.
>  *
>  * @param args - The request handler args as object.
>  * @param args.origin - The origin of the request, e.g., the website that
>  * invoked the snap.
>  * @param args.request - A validated JSON-RPC request object.
>  * @returns The result of `snap_dialog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Handle incoming JSON-RPC requests, sent through wallet_invokeSnap.
 *
 * @param args - The request handler args as object.
 * @param args.origin - The origin of the request, e.g., the website that
 * invoked the snap.
 * @param args.request - A validated JSON-RPC request object.
 * @returns The result of snap_dialog.
```

 * @throws If the request method is not valid for this snap.
 */
export const onRpcRequest: OnRpcRequestHandler = async () => {
  const result = await snap.request({
    method: 'snap_dialog',
    params: {
      content: (
        <Container>
          <Box>
            <Heading>Custom Dialog</Heading>
            <Text>
              This is a custom dialog reproducing a confirmation dialog.
              <br />
              Do you accept?
            </Text>
          </Box>
          <Footer>
            <Button name="no">No</Button>
            <Button name="yes">Yes</Button>
          </Footer>
        </Container>
      ),
    },
  });

>   console.log('result', result); // Result will be true or false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log("result", result); // Result will be true or false.
```

  return result;
};

export const onUserInput: OnUserInputHandler = async ({ id, event }) => {
  if (event.type === UserInputEventType.ButtonClickEvent) {
    switch (event.name) {

>       case 'no': // User pressed "No" in the footer
>         await snap.request({
>           method: 'snap_resolveInterface',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      case "no": // User selected "No" in the footer.
        await snap.request({
          method: "snap_resolveInterface",
```

          params: {
            id,
            value: false,
          },
        });
        break;

>       case 'yes': {
>         // User pressed "Yes" in the footer
>         await snap.request({
>           method: 'snap_resolveInterface',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      case "yes": {
        // User selected "Yes" in the footer
        await snap.request({
          method: "snap_resolveInterface",
```

          params: {
            id,
            value: true,
          },
        });
        break;
      }

      default:
        break;
    }
  }
};
```

> The code above outputs a custom dialog with two buttons: "Yes" and "No". The code awaits a response from the dialog.
> 
> When the user presses one of the buttons, `onUserInput` is called with the button's name. From there, `snap_resolveInterface` is called. This will resolve the dialog, and return the value passed to `snap_resolveInterface` as the result of the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code outputs a custom dialog with two buttons: **Yes** and **No**. 
When the user selects one of the buttons, `onUserInput` is called with the button's name. From there, `snap_resolveInterface` is called. This resolves the dialog, and returns the value passed to `snap_resolveInterface` as the result of the dialog.
```
